Add warning message to Windows installation section (#1257)
software-mansion/starknet.py: docs/installation.rst

1. Install it just like you would on Linux.

In such case make sure that you have `MinGW <https://www.mingw-w64.org/>`_ installed and up-to-date.

.. hint::
    The recommended way to install is through `chocolatey <https://community.chocolatey.org/packages/mingw>`_.

    You also should have MinGW in your PATH environment variable (e.g. ``C:\ProgramData\chocolatey\lib\mingw\tools\install\mingw64\bin``).

> .. warning::
>     You might encounter problems related to ``libcrypto_c_exports`` (e.g  LoadLibraryEx).
>     Install via chocolatey and set proper PATH for it should solve your problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. warning::
    Please be aware that you may encounter issues related to ``libcrypto_c_exports`` (e.g  LoadLibraryEx).
    Installing MinGW via chocolatey and correctly adding  it to the PATH should solve these issues.
```
I would rephrase it slightly to explicitly mention that it's still about the installation of `MinGW`. Wdyt?
